Add section for validating models in the Model page (#13988)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/models.rst

    response = requests.post(url, json=json_data)
    print(f"\nPyfunc 'predict_interval':\n${response.json()}")

Validate Models before Deployment
---------------------------------

After logging your model with MLflow Tracking, it is recommended to validate the model locally before deploying it to production.

> The :py:func:`mlflow.models.predict()` API offers a functionality for testing your model in a virtual environment.
> You can use this API by passing a sample input, as shown in the example code below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :py:func:mlflow.models.predict() API enables you to test your model in a virtual environment for isolated execution. You can utilize this functionality by passing a sample input, as demonstrated in the example code below.
```

> Additionally, this API is helpful for validating the environment configuration. 

Reviewer 2: `the environment configuration` sounds a bit ambiguous. Can we elaborate on it more?

Author: Sure, that sounds better, let me change it here.

For more details, refer to  :ref:`Validating Environment for Prediction <validating-environment-for-prediction>`.

.. code-block:: python

    import mlflow

> 

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to add a minimum code to log a model?

Author: Added a bit more codes, does this look good to you?

Author: Sorry, forgot to push the change to this repo. Will address it in another PR.

    mlflow.models.predict(

>         model_uri=f"runs:/{run_id}/model",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        model_uri=model_uri,
```
As the model path could be different than 'model'. I'll update the API docstring separately.
